feat(android-edge-to-edge-support): add resize webview when keyboard is shown (#485)
capawesome-team/capacitor-plugins: .changeset/ten-bees-perform.md

> ---
> '@capawesome/capacitor-android-edge-to-edge-support': minor
> ---
> 
> feat: add resize webview when keyboard is shown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@capawesome/capacitor-android-edge-to-edge-support': patch
---

fix: resize webview when keyboard is shown
```
